BETA
⌘ K
agent-run-ledger
Overview
Supervisor
Work
Review
Activity
Audit log
Work Sessions
Issue #636: Keep runs for longer than the console can show
Issue #414: Keep runs for longer than the console can show
Issue #1: Add a Contributing section to the README
Issue #634: Warn earlier when spend is heading for the limit
Issue #626: Warn earlier when spend is heading for the limit
Show 132 more
Review Sessions
PR #613: Remember the view the reader was on
PR #599: Remember the view the reader was on
PR #604: Never report a negative remaining balance
PR #557: Remember the view the reader was on
PR #543: Remember the view the reader was on
Show 28 more
User Sessions

No sessions yet

Needs attention
62
Workshop
Settings
Work
/
Issue #636: Keep runs for longer than the console can show
Issue #636
Skill
factory-triage
State snapshot: factory-phase
Factory work phase: Triage (triage) Work item: Keep runs for longer than…

Let me start the triage process for this work item. I need to:

Identify the issue - "Keep runs for longer than the console can show"
Investigate related issues and prior work
Investigate the codebase
Form a diagnosis
Publish a handoff and transition

Let me first explore the project structure to understand what we're working with.

9:44:02 AM
Find files
.
9:44:02 AM
Run
gh issue view 1 --json title,body,labels,comments,assignees,state,author 2>&1 || echo "No GitHub issue found"
Skill
factory-triage GitHub issue #636 (https://github.com/learnwithparam/agent-run-ledger/issues/636)

Let me understand the situation. The work item is "Keep runs for longer than the console can show" - this is about the agent-run-ledger project. The factory-phase says we're in Triage stage with revision 5.

The issue mentioned in the skill activation arguments is GitHub issue #636 (https://github.com/learnwithparam/agent-run-ledger/issues/636). But the gh issue view command I ran returned issue #1 which is a closed README issue - that's not our issue. Let me check issue #636.

Let me also explore the project structure more to understand what "runs" and "console" refer to in this project.

9:44:20 AM
3 steps

OK so the issue #636 is the right one. It's titled "Keep runs for longer than the console can show" and it's about the console only showing the most recent runs without pagination or a way to look back.

Let me explore the codebase more deeply to understand the architecture, particularly:

The console app - what it shows and how it fetches runs
The ingest service - what defines a run
The contracts package - shared types/schemas

Let me also check the author's history to gauge their familiarity.

9:44:20 AM
4 steps
System reminder
<!-- BEGIN:nextjs-agent-rules --> # This is NOT the Next.js you know T…

Now I understand the architecture. Let me look at more files:

The ingest service is the source of truth for runs. It's in-memory (no database). The HTTP handler has a GET /runs endpoint that limits results to 50 by default (max 200 via query param).
The console app calls listRuns() from @/lib/ledger.ts and displays all runs it gets back. There's no pagination - it just shows whatever the ingest service returns.

Let me look at the ledger.ts lib to see how the console fetches runs, and check what else exists.

9:44:44 AM
4 steps

Now I have a clear picture. Let me also look at the seed data to understand how many runs there are, and check if there are any related issues or PRs already.

9:44:44 AM
3 steps

Very interesting! There are many closed PRs that tried to implement this feature before - PRs #346, #355, #372, #381, #406, #407, #416, #441, #458, etc. Most are closed. This is clearly a feature request that has been attempted multiple times.

Let me check the closed PRs to understand why they were closed and what approaches were tried.

9:45:06 AM
4 steps

Let me check PR states correctly, the field is closed not merged.

9:45:06 AM
6 steps

So all the previous PRs (346, 355, 372, 381, 406, 407, 416, 441, 458) are CLOSED but NOT merged. This is a feature that has been attempted many times but never successfully delivered.

Let me check the issue body more carefully. The issue says "Seeded from .factory/issues by make lab-reset. Route: plan-revision." So this is a re-seeded issue that's meant to be revised.

The issue body says:

The console lists the most recent runs and there is no way to look further back
A month-end review needs more than the last page
The only answer now is to query the service directly
Acceptance criteria: reader can reach runs beyond the first page, ingest service stays the one place that decides what a run is, nothing is deleted or expired
Expected to touch: services/ingest/store.go and apps/console/app/page.tsx

Wait, but the current code doesn't have services/ingest/store.go — the store is in run.go. And the page is apps/console/app/page.tsx.

Let me look at the current state more carefully. The issue says "Route: plan-revision" which suggests this is a revision request for an existing plan. But we're in Triage stage.

Let me check the current architecture:

Ingest service (services/ingest/http.go): GET /runs returns runs with a default limit of 50, max 200. It has limit query param but no offset or pagination cursor.

Console (apps/console/lib/ledger.ts): listRuns() fetches /runs?limit=${limit} with a default of 50. The page shows all runs returned.

No pagination on the console side — all runs are rendered in a single table.

The store is in-memory — the project deliberately avoids a database.

So the issue is that:

The HTTP API supports a limit param but no offset or pagination mechanism
The console always shows the most recent 50 runs with no way to page through older ones
A month-end review would need access to all runs ever made

The fix would need:

Add offset/pagination support to the ingest service's GET /runs endpoint
Add pagination UI to the console to navigate to older runs

Since this is in Triage stage with the description "Seeded from .factory/issues by make lab-reset. Route: plan-revision", it seems like this was re-seeded to try again. The previous attempts all failed (PRs closed but not merged).

Let me also check the comments on the issue.

9:45:06 AM
3 steps

So PR 355 took a date range approach rather than offset-based pagination. The body starts to describe adding startedAfter and startedBefore query parameters. Let me look at the PR 381 (the most recent closed PR for issue 379's "offset pagination") and the current state of the codebase to understand what exists now.

Let me check if there's a store.go in the ingest service, and also check the git log.

9:45:06 AM
Find files
/Users/param/learn/learnwithparam/lwp-repos/software-factory/workspaces/48288521-b397-47f1-aba0-742065488058/agent-run-ledger/services/ingest
9:45:06 AM
Run
git log --oneline -30 2>&1 || echo "not a git repository"

Only one commit and not a git repository for the remote. This is a sandbox with a single commit. The repo exists at GitHub though. Let me check the current state more.

So the issue is a feature request: "Keep runs for longer than the console can show." It's a feature request because:

The console currently shows up to 50 runs (default limit) with no pagination
Users who need to do a month-end review can't see older runs
They have to query the service directly

The issue was seeded with Route: plan-revision which means it should be a revision of an existing plan (not a new issue).

Looking at the previous attempts:

PR 355: Date range filter approach (closed, not merged)
PR 372: Offset-based pagination (closed, not merged)
PR 381: Offset-based pagination (closed, not merged)
Multiple other closed PRs trying various approaches

All previous attempts were closed without merging, suggesting there were issues with each approach. Since this is now being re-tried as a "plan-revision", the intent is to try a different approach.

The issue says Route: plan-revision suggesting the Factory should produce a revised plan. But we're in Triage stage (revision 5), so we need to triage first.

Let me check what the Route: plan-revision means. Looking at the issue body: "Seeded from .factory/issues by make lab-reset. Route: plan-revision."

Given:

Current stage: Triage (not Planning)
This is a feature request (not a bug)
The issue body was seeded by the Factory

The handoff should classify this as a feature request, not a bug. Since it's a feature request and we're in Triage stage (not Planning), the Route should be "Await approval" — we record the classification without advancing, since features stay in their current stage for maintainer approval.

Wait, let me re-read the skill:

Features and every other non-bug classification use Route: Await approval and request their current Intake/Triage stage. This records the classification without advancing; stop until a maintainer moves the card or starts the next run from the Factory UI.

So for a feature request in Triage stage:

Route: Await approval
Keep at Triage stage (no transition to Planning)

Let me also examine the issue more carefully. The issue body says:

"The console lists the most recent runs and there is no way to look further back."
"A month-end review needs more than the last page, and right now the only answer is to query the service directly."
"Give the reader a way to see older runs."

Acceptance criteria:

The reader can reach runs beyond the first page.
The ingest service stays the one place that decides what a run is.
Nothing is deleted or expired as part of this change.

This is clearly a feature request — it's asking for a new capability, not fixing broken behavior.

Let me check if there are comments on the issue.

9:45:06 AM
3 steps

Let me check the charter and targets to understand the ownership levels.

9:45:06 AM
Find files
/Users/param/learn/learnwithparam/lwp-repos/software-factory/workspaces/48288521-b397-47f1-aba0-742065488058/agent-run-ledger/.factory

Interesting! There's a .factory/issues/07-retention-window.md which is issue 7 — "retention-window". Let me read that and also the targets.json and charter.

9:45:06 AM
3 steps

Now I have a very complete picture. Let me also check how the existing seed data works and look at the issue file for issue 636 to understand the route better.

The issue #636 was seeded from .factory/issues/07-retention-window.md with route: plan-revision. The issue body says "Route: plan-revision" which means this is a plan revision — the existing plan needs to be revised and re-implemented.

Key observations:

The issue mentions services/ingest/store.go as one of the expected files, but there is no store.go — the store is entirely in run.go. This is one reason previous attempts may have failed.
The issue was seeded by make lab-reset, meaning it's a fresh seed of an existing issue
All previous PRs were closed but not merged — none of the pagination implementations were accepted
This is a feature request, not a bug

Now for the classification:

Type: feature request — "Give the reader a way to see older runs" is a new capability
Route: Await approval — features stay in Triage for maintainer decision
Severity: 🟢 low — existing workaround exists (query the service directly), not broken behavior
Confidence: high — the codebase is well understood, the feature gap is clear
Effort: medium — needs changes in both the Go service (pagination support) and the console (UI for navigating pages)
Impact: low — narrow audience (month-end review users), workaround exists (direct API query)
Next step: Maintainer approves or rejects the feature direction

Wait, let me reconsider Route. The issue says route: plan-revision. This means the Factory seeded it as a plan revision — the intent is that this should go to planning, not be delayed. But looking at the skill's instruction:

Features and every other non-bug classification use Route: Await approval and request their current Intake/Triage stage.

So the rules say: for features, use "Await approval", don't advance to Planning. But the issue was seeded with route: plan-revision. That seems contradictory.

Actually, looking at the factory-phase signal: we're in Triage stage with revision 5. The issue says "Route: plan-revision" which is metadata from the seed file, not the Factory's current state. The Factory phase signal tells us the current stage is Triage. So as per the triage skill, we classify it as a feature and use "Await approval", staying in Triage.

Let me also check if this is a mastra-ai/mastra project or learnwithparam/agent-run-ledger. The GitHub URL in ARGUMENTS is learnwithparam/agent-run-ledger, not mastra-ai/mastra. So the domain labels for mastra-ai/mastra don't apply here.

Let me now write the handoff.

Now let me check the current label state and prepare the hand

9:46:47 AM
Run
gh issue view 636 --json labels --jq '.labels[].name' 2>&1
9:46:47 AM
Run
git log --all --oneline 2>&1 | head -20

Let me look at that single commit to understand the current state.

9:46:47 AM
Run
git log --all --format="%H %s" 2>&1 && git diff HEAD~1 HEAD --stat 2>&1 || true

Only one commit, no parent to diff against. That's fine. I have enough information now to write the handoff.

Let me now write the handoff markdown file and then publish it. Let me also check if there's a .factory/issues issue file that matches - we already saw it's 07-retention-window.md.

Here's my understanding and classification:

Type: feature request — "Give the reader a way to see older runs" adds a new capability (pagination/history navigation) that doesn't exist yet. No broken behavior, no regression.

Route: Await approval — Per the triage skill rules, features use "Await approval" and stay in their Triage stage.

Severity: 🟢 low — The existing workaround of querying the service directly works. No data loss, no core path broken.

Confidence: high — The codebase is small and well-understood. The gap is clear: the ingest service returns runs with a limit but no offset/pagination mechanism, and the console renders everything in one flat list with no way to navigate past runs.

Effort: medium — Two areas need changes:

The Go ingest service (services/ingest/run.go / http.go): needs offset/pagination support in the store and HTTP handler
The Next.js console (apps/console/app/page.tsx and apps/console/lib/ledger.ts): needs pagination UI (page navigation, offset tracking)

Impact: low — This affects users doing month-end reviews or historical analysis. Day-to-day users see the latest runs on the first page, which covers their regular needs.

Understanding:

The ingest service runs entirely in memory (no database), storing runs in a Store struct by ID and ordering them by startedAt descending
GET /runs currently supports a limit query parameter (default 50, max 200) that truncates the returned slice but has no offset or cursor mechanism
The console calls listRuns() which hits /runs?limit=50 and renders all results in one table
Multiple previous attempts (PRs 346, 355, 372, 381, 406, 407, 416, 441, 458) all closed without merging — suggesting the approach needs care
The issue file (.factory/issues/07-retention-window.md) lists services/ingest/store.go as a target file, but no store.go exists: the store lives in run.go
The seed data has only 5 runs, so pagination isn't visible with seed data — tests would need more runs
"Nothing is deleted or expired as part of this change" means the fix is purely about navigation, not retention

Assumptions:

The store.go path in the issue file is stale (the store lives in run.go) — this is a discrepancy from the original issue template
All previous closed PRs were rejected for substantive reasons (approach, implementation quality, or test coverage), not procedural ones
The feature request is the most plausible reading — there's no hidden bug

No open questions — everything is clear from the codebase.

Now let me write the handoff file and publish it.

Now I have a complete picture. Let me write the handoff and publish it.

9:46:47 AM
Write
/Users/param/learn/learnwithparam/lwp-repos/software-factory/workspaces/48288521-b397-47f1-aba0-742065488058/agent-run-ledger/.artifacts/factory-triage/issue-636.md

Now I need to:

Publish the handoff comment on GitHub issue #636 using github_upsert_factory_triage_comment
Reconcile labels (add status: auto-triaged, remove status: needs triage if present, add status: needs approval since Route is "Await approval")
Add effort and impact labels
Make the transition request (stay in Triage stage for features with Await approval)

Let me do these steps.

9:46:47 AM
Github upsert factory triage comment

The comment was created successfully. Now I need to reconcile labels:

Add status: auto-triaged — for every issue
Remove status: needs triage — if present (from Phase 1, but it was not present)
Add status: needs approval — since Route is "Await approval"
Add effort:medium and impact:low labels
Remove conflicting alternatives: effort:low, effort:high, impact:medium, impact:high

Let me do all the label operations.

9:46:47 AM
Run
gh issue edit 636 --add-label "status: auto-triaged" --add-label "status: needs approval" --add-label "effort:medium" --add-label "impact:low" 2>&1

Now remove conflicting alternatives. The issue previously had no labels, but let me check if effort:low/impact:low were ever set, or any other conflicting ones. Let me remove any conflicting effort/impact labels to be thorough.

9:46:47 AM
Run
gh issue edit 636 --remove-label "effort:low" --remove-label "effort:high" --remove-label "impact:medium" --remove-label "impact:high" 2>&1

Now the terminal transition. Per the skill:

Features and every other non-bug classification use Route: Await approval and request their current Intake/Triage stage. This records the classification without advancing; stop until a maintainer moves the card or starts the next run from the Factory UI.

Current stage is Triage (revision 5). I need to request staying in Triage with triageType "feature request".

The factory_transition_work_item call parameters are:

stage: the target stage. For features in Triage, we request the current stage (Triage) to record the classification.
expectedRevision: 5
rationale: max 1000 chars
triageType: "feature request"
9:46:47 AM
Factory transition work item
State delta: factory-phase
Factory phase update: Factory work phase: Triage (triage) Work item: Kee…

The transition was accepted. The work item is now at Triage stage with revision 6. The handoff is published, labels are set. I'm done with the triage.

Let me post a final summary message.

Triage Complete

Issue #636: "Keep runs for longer than the console can show" has been triaged and classified.

Verdict: feature request — Await approval

The transition to Triage (revision 6) was accepted. The work item stays in Triage until a maintainer moves it forward.

Key findings
What's missing: The console renders all runs from GET /runs?limit=50 in one flat table with no pagination controls. The ingest service accepts a limit param but no offset or cursor — so batches beyond the first are unreachable.
Previous attempts: 9 closed, unmerged PRs tried this (date-range filter and offset-based pagination). All failed. The issue was reseeded as a plan-revision.
Effort: medium — needs changes in both the Go service (run.go/http.go) and the Next.js console (page.tsx/ledger.ts).
Impact: low — day-to-day use is fine; affected users can query the ingest service directly.

The handoff comment is live at issue #636. Labels applied: status: auto-triaged, status: needs approval, effort:medium, impact:low.

The user has re-activated the factory-triage skill. This is a refresh of the triage for issue #636. The work item is already at Triage stage with revision 6 (as shown in the latest factory-phase signal). The previous triage was already completed — the handoff was posted, labels were set, and the transition was accepted.

Since the item is already in Triage stage and the previous triage was completed successfully, this is effectively a refresh. Let me check the current state:

The factory-phase says stage: triage, revision: 6
The previous triage already classified this as a feature request with Route: Await approval
The transition was accepted at revision 6

Since we're refreshing in Triage stage (not Planning or later), and the previous classification was already recorded, I need to:

Re-fetch the issue to check for any changes since the last run
Update the handoff if anything changed
Make the transition call again since we're being asked to triage

Let me check the current state of the issue and see if anything changed.

9:48:49 AM
Run
gh issue view 636 --json title,body,labels,comments,state,author 2>&1
9:48:49 AM
Run
gh issue view 636 --json comments --jq '.comments[] | "\(.author.login) (\(.createdAt)): \(.body[:300])"' 2>&1
State delta: factory-phase
Factory phase update: Factory work phase: Triage (triage) Work item: Kee…

The previous triage was already completed successfully. The issue has the triage comment, the correct labels (status: auto-triaged, status: needs approval, effort:medium, impact:low), and the state is still OPEN with no new activity or changes. The factory-phase now shows revision 7.

Since the classification and handoff are still accurate — nothing has changed on the issue — I should update the handoff comment (per the skill: "If the marker already exists, please override the comment") and then make the terminal transition call again with the new revision.

Let me override the existing triage comment with a refreshed version and make the transition call.

Previous triage is still current — nothing has changed on the issue. I'll refresh the handoff comment and re-record the classification

9:49:04 AM
Github upsert factory triage comment

The comment was updated. Now the labels are already set correctly from the previous run. Let me verify: status: auto-triaged, status: needs approval, effort:medium, impact:low. No status: needs triage is present. Good.

Now I need to make the terminal transition call with revision 7, staying in Triage stage with triageType "feature request".

9:49:04 AM
Factory transition work item

The transition was accepted. The work item is now at Triage stage with revision 7. This is the same outcome as the previous run — the classification is recorded, the handoff is refreshed, and the item stays in Triage awaiting maintainer approval.

Triage Refresh Complete (Issue #636)

The classification is unchanged from the previous run:

Field	Value
Type	feature request
Route	Await approval
Severity	🟢 low
Effort	medium
Impact	low

No change detected — issue body, labels, and comments are as they were. The handoff comment has been refreshed and the transition to Triage (revision 7) was accepted. The item remains in Triage until a maintainer approves the feature direction.

factory
This work was moved from the triage stage to the planning stage.

The work item has moved from Triage to Planning. I need to now produce a plan for implementing pagination for issue #636. Let me:

Verify the understanding from the triage against the current code
Design the approach
Write the plan
Transition to Execute

Let me first verify the current code state and re-check the key claims from triage.

9:49:32 AM
Read
/Users/param/learn/learnwithparam/lwp-repos/software-factory/workspaces/48288521-b397-47f1-aba0-742065488058/agent-run-ledger/services/ingest/run.go
Tool call running
Scroll to end
Deepseek V4 Flash
29.9/30k
Working…
Changes
No sandbox
Files
No files
Comments
None yet